## Multi-Objective Planning with Contextual Lexicographic Reward Preferences
This code compares our contextual planning approach for multi-objective planning to state-of-the-art baselines. Refer to [project page](https://pulkitrustagi.github.io/contextual-planning-project/) and [paper](https://pulkitrustagi.github.io/contextual-planning-project/) for more information.

### Running the Simulation
Follow these steps to set up the simulation.
### Clone the repository
```bash
$ git clone git@github.com:PulkitRustagi/Contextual-Planning.git
```
### Install required packages
```bash
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Running the Simulation
All results are generated by running main.py
```bash
$ python main.py
```

## Script Usage
- `main.py` - master script to invoke simulation for all results.
- `simulation.py` - collects simulation results on objective values, goal reachability and conflicts. 
- `global_policy.py` - computes policy for each simulation.
- `metareasoner.py` - contains the conflict checker and resolver.
- `infer_context.py` - consists of modules used for inferring context for *Our Approach 2*.
- `generate_expert_trajectory.py` - generates expert trajectories to collect data for context inference.
- `bayes.py` - for probability calculations used in the context inference process.
- `helper_functions.py` - additional modules to heap read csv and text files.
- `display.py` - modules for plotting and generating animations for policy visualization.
- `read_grid.py` - to read the environment layouts from text files.
- `salp_mdp.py` - environment and agent definitions for salp domain.
- `warehouse_mdp.py` - environment and agent definitions for robotic warehouse domain.
- `taxi_mdp.py` - environment and agent definitions for semi-autonomous taxi domain.

## Folder Usage
- **grids** - text files for all instances of each domain within respective sub-folder.
- **expert_trajectories** - expert trajectories for each domain, generated by `generate_expert_trajectory.py`.
- **animation** -  stores all animations generated by `display.py` if invoked.
- **images** -  images for individual elements to generate animations (no modifications recommended).
- **sim_results** -  to store simulation results in respective sub-folder.
